# Word Fun

Word Fun is a site dedicated to uncovering the hidden essence of words. Random
words are dynamically searched for one or two other words tucked inside. The
results may suprise you. Ranging from interesting to hilarious, you can't spell
wonderful without word fun.

### Input

The word lists were combined (and slightly modified) from the following sources,
all released under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0][1]

1. [Wikipedia's list of 1000 basic words][2]
2. [Wiktionary's list of the 10,000 most common words from Project Gutenberg][3]
3. [Wiktionary's list of words extracted from A Frequency Dictionary of Contemporary American English (Routledge, 2010)][4]
4. [Wiktionary's list of the 10,000 most common words from TV and movie scripts][5]

_Note: Because the word lists are mostly from contented generated by users, you
may encounter material that you find offensive or otherwise objectionable.
Please use common sense and proper judgment when using the project's data._

### Implementation

The word lists are turned into tries, and those are used to perform sub-word
searches. See [`ts/trieify.ts`][6] and [`ts/search.ts`][7] for details.

### Bundling

The site's script, `index.js`, is bundled from the TypeScript source in the `ts`
directory using this command:

`deno bundle ts/index.ts index.js`

The `deno.json` file is implicitly required, as it specifies dom-related
libraries to use when bundling.

### Testing

To test the Typescript files in the project, run:

`deno test`

To see code coverage for the tests, run:

`deno test --coverage=.coverage; deno coverage .coverage`

The `.coverage` directory is excluded in the `.gitignore` file, so it can safely
be used without altering the repository.

### License

The software in this project is released under an [MIT license][8].

The word lists in this project are released under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][9].

[1]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
[2]: https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:List_of_1000_basic_words
[3]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists/PG/2006/04/1-10000
[4]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists/A_Frequency_Dictionary_of_Contemporary_American_English
[5]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists/TV/2006/1-1000
[6]: ts/trieify.ts
[7]: ts/search.ts
[8]: LICENSE
[9]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
